# surfs_up

Analysis of the June and December weather data sheds light on a few very interesting points. Per the chart data, it is immediately obvious that the year of 2011 had significantly more rain relative to the other years in our data set. I would not put too much weight into this particular years' data given the discrepancy in rain amount between 2011 and all other years in our data set. Secondly, metrics such as June mean precipitation and December mean precipitation are in line with expectations as we would expect to see more rain during the winter season compared to the spring season. 

One potential area for further analysis is December rain data for the year of 2017. The data set that we are using does not include data for this year and it may be worth inputing values into this portion of the data set to achieve accurate data (although I don't expect this to swing our numbers). While this represents a good starting point for seasonal levels of rain, prior to investing in this business, I'd like to see additional months of analysis over the course of the entire year.
Another area for potential analysis could be "days of sun" vs. "days of rain". While amount of rain is important, to my knowledge, Hawaii is also known for flash rains, where it may rain very suddenly for a short amount of time, but remain sunny and dry for the remainder of the day. This phenomenon is not immediately recognizable based on our current analysis, but may be derived by reviewing a days of sun metric vs. days of rain metric. This initial analysis looks promising and I would choose to invest in the ice cream/surf business based on the current data.
